Hey, Mr. Rong is here.
You are too handsome
Little devil wants to sleep
Stop whining
Mr. Rong doesn't like you
Didn't you see the fiancée next to him?
Xiao An
Why are you here?
Muli
I like you.
Can you be my boyfriend?
Hello ma'am
We're closing soon.
I came to see you three years ago
The travel agency said you left the group early.
I thought we would never see each other in our lifetimes
Something was going on at home
Sorry.
Did you wait for me for a long time?
Nope.
I went to find you and I found you weren't there and I left
But
You are more beautiful than ever
Really?
Brother Dragon
Jon seems to know his second brother very well
Jon is pregnant
Is it a conspiracy between him and his second brother?
In fact, he is pregnant with his second brother's child
Of the three older brothers
What Brother Rong wants to kill the most is
Joanne